what's going on guys jaw from John Lee
and we are here still level five
challenge three all right so I'm not
really sure we're doing just have a
crack see what girls whoa whoa totally
fucking missed what a nub face all right
but I think this is okay kiss so someone
else hasn't made it already he just put
it in this one what oh hey he's not a
dick I'm a dick but not holy crap this
is really hard to keep talk ah ah
demonstrated perfectly really hard to
keep talking and jumping through this
but i'm determined i will keep talking
through this i will not let Ernie oh
holy crap holy crap oh yeah I'm just
gonna make random noises it's a lot
easier yep i'm doing this i'm totally
doing this oh oh suck that one buckhead
yeah alright what's next bring it on I'm
assuming I'm going over there yeah yeah
ah what up bitch and this way so more
lots and lots of cactus let's go yeah
I'm a fool fucking punch something Jesus
so I've got to start again all right
thank fuck for those checkpoint doors
and my inability to use ladders is
annoying let's go oh are you fucking
kidding me you mad bro yeah I'm fucking
mad this earlier I can't even make the
first one now let's go laughs at my damn
self for that one oh shit
haley over here we go oh ah he fucking
nuts he fucking nuts per now I'm getting
key we get no ends up in the hills food
I for fuck sake I didn't think I make it
yeah there haha fuck up on my words now
my son's gone funny I didn't think I'd
made it so I didn't jump on the next one
are you fucking kidding me oh yeah oh
yeah whoo all right deep breath shake it
out I can do this I can totally fucking
do this let's go bitches ah ah just line
it up yeah yeah I'm not finished but I'm
acting yeah thought so you sneaky
bastard oh my god oh my god oh oh oh
that's big that sounded very homoerotic
not not that there's anything wrong with
that yeah fuck yeah throw in a cactus
ooh how do I get up the cactus I think
you can stand on the ledge ah fuck
alright this looks like it's going to be
more of a puzzle so let's get more young
young come on oh shit oh oh ah ah
peaceful come on again I can yeah hmm
now got to make that I can do this I can
totally fucking do this and I like some
the man I'm king of all jump puzzles
you've seen my shit you've been watching
you know more than can't even say that
with a straight face unfortunately you
can't see that I'm not having a straight
face so that was kind of right let's go
for
Rock ah like that's lucky I wasn't even
sure if I was meant to do that oh yeah
tearing this up ah I'm fun sneak around
the fuck off alrighty yeah all right
missed it to start with let's go let's
fucking go really should start watching
my language Oh what recording me is when
a moron cool oh hey are you fucking
kidding me I've got to get on top of
that way from that ledge on top of that
one top of that one top of that one and
two that I hope oh oh yeah oh yeah
fucking bat oh you fucking kidding me
shit-faced what a shit face / i growl a
lot I'm sorry hey why am i apologizing I
don't know why I apologize always get
like self-conscious about the stupid
shit that I say but I'm funny dammit oh
yeah oh yeah oh yeah oh are you fucking
kidding me come on i can get this I can
fucking get this and then that'll
probably be episode over don't want to
get this I can't even make that fucking
jump at the moment I'm talking through
my teeth it's pissing me haha smile
dickhead I'm smiling oh maybe yeah yeah
I am the man who's the man me alright so
that one to that one Oh big breath I can
do this and then what have I got to do
oh I think I got to sneak all the way
around both of them fun fun fun a lot of
dying and it's nighttime o.o who's the
man get myself a pat on the back ow ow
ow oh fuck i'm a country all right all
right oh fuck yeah come on I'm dying man
I'm dying I fucking did it I'm fucking
dinner whoo what's this one ah shit that
off we'll do that tomorrow I'll see you
tomorrow guys have a good one